Hello and welcome.
My name is Stephen Grider and I'm really excited to teach you everything I know about TypeScript.
But before we get started, I just want you to know how you can get help if you ever get stuck inside
this course.
So if you ever run into some trouble and you're having a little bit of difficulty with troubleshooting,
make sure you check out these different sources for getting help.
The first place to check is the Udemy Q&A discussion boards that are here inside this course.
You can also reach out to me via direct message on Udemy as well.
And finally, if you need some really fast response, you can also get a hold of me on Twitter.
But just be aware that if you message me on Twitter, it's sometimes a little bit challenging to communicate
on there.
So in general, best to ask questions on the discussion boards or via direct message.
Just, you know, I usually check messages on all these different channels once a time, once per day
on Monday through Friday, Friday, around nine or ten or 11 Mountain Standard Time.
So that's usually when you're going to get a response from me.
Okay, so let's take a quick pause right here and start discussing TypeScript in the next video.